https://issues.redhat.com/browse/ACM-26089 Add CAPI auto import and ROSA HCP doc (#8396)
open-cluster-management/rhacm-docs: clusters/cluster_api/create_capi_rosa.adoc

[#create-rosa-hcp-capi-cluster]
= Creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster with Cluster API (Technology Preview)

> A {rosa-hcp} cluster is a deployment model for {rosa} where the cluster control plane is hosted and managed in a Red Hat Amazon Web Services (AWS) account. Complete the steps in the following topics to create a {rosa-hcp} cluster by using Cluster API. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A {rosa-hcp} cluster is a deployment model for {rosa} where the cluster control plane is hosted and managed in a Red Hat Amazon Web Services (AWS) account. 

To create a {rosa-hcp} cluster by using Cluster API, complete the steps in the following sections:

* <<creating-a-service-account, Creating a service account>>
```

Reviewer: I would make a list for all your level 2 headings. If we have 3 or more (I think you have 4 here) then we include a list to link to users. 

I would include this list _after_ the prereqs, so we know users completed what they must before they proceed with your awesome procedures!

Author: Unfortunately we can't use a list like that anymore since we don't have anchors for the headings. Heading anchors for level 2 headers are not supported in DITA, so this is in preparation for conversion.

Reviewer 2: Reminder to add required access.

.Prerequisites

- You need an AWS access key. See link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html[Manage access keys for IAM users] in the AWS documentation to learn more.
- The AWS {rosa} managed policies are attached to your AWS user permissions. See link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rosa/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html[AWS managed policies for ROSA] in the AWS documentation to learn more.
- You need the OpenShift CLI (`oc`). See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.20/html/cli_tools/openshift-cli-oc[OpenShift CLI (oc)] in the {ocp-short} documentation to learn more.
- You need the ROSA CLI (`rosa`). See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html/cli_tools/rosa-cli[ROSA CLI] in the :rosa: documentation to learn more. 

> 

Reviewer: So do the list of level two headings here, after the prereqs bullet list. 

To create a {rosa-hcp} cluster by using Cluster API, complete the steps in the following sections:

* <<creating-a-service-account, Creating a service account>>
*  < continue with the list of all the level 2 headings >

Author: See comment above

> == Creating a service account

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#creating-service-account]
== Creating a service account
```

Author: See comment above

> You need a service account before creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster. Skip this step if you already have a service account.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You need a service account before creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster. If you have a service account, you do not need to complete this section. 
```

Reviewer: When you say "skip this step" first, I thought you meant skip the first step, so I would do something to make it clearer that this section is not necessary if users have a service account

Complete the following steps:

. Create a service account by navigating to *Identity & Access Management* > *Service Accounts* in the console.

. Click the *Create service account* button.

. For every new service account you create, activate the account by using the ROSA CLI.

.. Log into your new service account. Run the following command. Replace values where needed:
+
[source,bash]
----
rosa login --client-id <your-client-id> --client-secret <your-client-secret>
----
+
.. Activate your service account. Run the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
rosa whoami
----

> == Setting AWS credentials

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#setting-aws-credentials]
== Setting AWS credentials
```

Author: Same here, we can't use these due to the upcoming conversion.

In the future we would not even have these headings, just `.Procedure`, but in separate files (we agreed not to fundamentally change the architecture just yet though, so this multi-procedure file is still a compromise).

You need to set your AWS credentials before creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster. Complete the following steps:

. If you are not using multi-factor authentication with AWS, set your AWS credentials by using the AWS access key you created. Run the following command. Replace values where needed:

+
[source,bash]
----
echo '[default]
aws_access_key_id = <your-access-key>
aws_secret_access_key = <your-secret-access-key>
region = us-east-1
' | base64 -w 0
----

> . If you are using multi-factor authentication with AWS, run following command. Replace values where needed:

Reviewer 3: `run following command` should be` run the following command`.

Author: Updated

+
[source,bash]
----
echo '[default]
aws_access_key_id = <your-access-key>
aws_secret_access_key = <your-secret-access-key>
aws_session_token= <your-aws-session-token>
region = us-east-1
' | base64 -w 0
----

. Update the `capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials` secret.

> .. Copy the output of the previous command and add the output to the `capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials` secret. Run the following command to ediit the secret:

Reviewer 3: There's a typo here: ediit s/b edit.

Author: Updated!

+
[source,bash]
----
oc edit secret -n multicluster-engine capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials
----
+
.. Add your output to the credentials field. See the following example: 
+
[source,bash]
----
apiVersion: v1
data:
  credentials: <your-aws-credentials>
kind: Secret
metadata:
	name: capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials
	namespace: multicluster-engine
----
+   

> **Optional:** If you want to use AWS IAM roles with your service account to authenticate the `capa-controller-manager`, complete the steps in xref:../cluster_api/switch_iam_roles.adoc#enable-iam-role-capa[Switching from AWS credentials to IAM roles on your Cluster API managed cluster (Technology Preview)].

Reviewer 3: The link here is broken. https://github.com/stolostron/rhacm-docs/blob/of-25044/clusters/cluster_api/switch_iam_roles.adoc#enable-iam-role-capa.

> **Optional:** If you want to use AWS IAM roles with your service account to authenticate the `capa-controller-manager`, complete the steps in xref:../cluster_api/switch_iam_roles.adoc#enable-iam-role-capa[Switching from AWS credentials to IAM roles on your Cluster API managed cluster (Technology Preview)].

Reviewer: Maybe confirm with Dev and QE. I don't think it's the best practice to link to another doc in the middle of the procedure. It's too likely that users won't return to your awesome procedure you wrote, and they won't complete all the necessary steps to set up their AWS credentials. 

Since this is optional, I would put it in "Additional resources" or remove it all together.

Author: Good call, should definitely go in Additional resources!

Author: Updated

. Restart the `capa-controller-manager` deployment. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc rollout restart deployment capa-controller-manager -n multicluster-engine
----

> == Authenticating {ocm}

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#authenticating-ocm]
== Authenticating {ocm}
```

Author: Same here regarding conversion

The CAPA controller requires {ocm} credentials to provision {rosa-hcp}. Complete the following steps:

. Create a Kubernetes secret in the target namespace with the service account credentials you created. The `ROSAControlPlane` resource references this secret during provisioning. Run the following command. Replace values where needed:

+   
[source,bash]
----
oc create namespace <your-rosa-hcp-namespace>
  oc -n <your-rosa-hcp-namespace> create secret generic rosa-creds-secret \
    --from-literal=ocmClientID='....' \
    --from-literal=ocmClientSecret='eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsI....' \
    --from-literal=ocmApiUrl='https://api.openshift.com'
----

> . **Optional:** You can consume the secret without referenceing it from your `ROSAControlPlane` by calling the secret `rosa-creds-secret` and creating it in the `multicluster-engine` namespace. Run the following command:

Reviewer 3: `referenceing `should be  `referencing`

Author: Fixed

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n multicluster-engine create secret generic rosa-creds-secret \
  --from-literal=ocmClientID='....' \
  --from-literal=ocmClientSecret='eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsI....' \
  --from-literal=ocmApiUrl='https://api.openshift.com'
----

> == Creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[#creating-rosa-cluster]
== Creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster
```

Author: See previous comment

. Create the `AWSClusterControllerIdentity` resource. See the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: AWSClusterControllerIdentity
metadata:
  name: "default"
spec:
  allowedNamespaces: {}
----

. Create the `ROSARoleConfig` and `ROSANetwork` resource. See the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSARoleConfig
metadata:
  name: "role-config"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
spec:
  accountRoleConfig:
	prefix: "rosa"
	version: "4.20.0"  
  operatorRoleConfig:
	prefix: "rosa"
  credentialsSecretRef:
	name: rosa-creds-secret
  oidcProviderType: Managed
---
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSANetwork
metadata:
  name: "rosa-vpc"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
  spec:
	region: "us-west-2"
	stackName: "rosa-hcp-net"
	availabilityZones:
	- "us-west-2a"
	- "us-west-2b"
	- "us-west-2c"
	cidrBlock: 10.0.0.0/16
	identityRef:
	  kind: AWSClusterControllerIdentity
	  name: default
----

> . Verify that the `ROSARoleConfig` resource is created. Check that the  `ROSARoleConfig` status contains the `accountRolesRef`, `oidcID`, `oidcProviderARN`, and `operatorRolesRef`. Run the following command:

Reviewer 3: <img width="717" height="675" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-25 at 5 58 49 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/8425e4b4-1626-4fcb-9ea5-0bcc15ae9862" />
<img width="689" height="497" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-25 at 5 59 02 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/c6510064-0c83-4bba-ba58-f4e290c01ca9" />
<img width="589" height="686" alt="Screenshot 2025-11-25 at 5 58 55 AM" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/16b149a2-1471-4ee3-b0de-67dfae233546" />

Reviewer 3: The rich diff is showing this.

Author: Should be fixed now

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get rosaroleconfig  -n ns-rosa-hcp role-config -o yaml
----

. Verify that the `ROSANetwork` resource is created. The `ROSANetwork` status contains the created subnets. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get rosanetwork -n ns-rosa-hcp rosa-vpc -o yaml
----

> . Create the required custom resources for the `ROSAControlPlane`. Makle sure the `region` matches the AWS region you used to create the `ROSANetwork`. See the following YAML sample:

Reviewer 3: Typo `Makle`

Reviewer 3: Typo `Makle` here

[#create-rosa-hcp-capi-cluster]
= Creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster with Cluster API (Technology Preview)

A {rosa-hcp} cluster is a deployment model for {rosa} where the cluster control plane is hosted and managed in a Red Hat Amazon Web Services (AWS) account. Complete the steps in the following topics to create a {rosa-hcp} cluster by using Cluster API. 

.Prerequisites

- You need an AWS access key. See link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/IAM/latest/UserGuide/id_credentials_access-keys.html[Manage access keys for IAM users] in the AWS documentation to learn more.
- The AWS {rosa} managed policies are attached to your AWS user permissions. See link:https://docs.aws.amazon.com/rosa/latest/userguide/security-iam-awsmanpol.html[AWS managed policies for ROSA] in the AWS documentation to learn more.
- You need the OpenShift CLI (`oc`). See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/openshift_container_platform/4.20/html/cli_tools/openshift-cli-oc[OpenShift CLI (oc)] in the {ocp-short} documentation to learn more.

> - You need the ROSA CLI (`rosa`). See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html/cli_tools/rosa-cli[ROSA CLI] in the :rosa: documentation to learn more. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- You need the ROSA CLI (`rosa`). See link:https://docs.redhat.com/en/documentation/red_hat_openshift_service_on_aws/4/html/cli_tools/rosa-cli[ROSA CLI] in the {rosa} documentation to learn more. 
```

> == Creating a service account
> 
> You need a service account before creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster. If you have a service account, you do not need to complete this section. 
> 
> Complete the following steps:
> 
> . Create a service account by navigating to *Identity & Access Management* > *Service Accounts* in the console.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You need a service account before creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster. If you have a service account, you do not need to complete this section. 

.Procedure

Complete the following steps:

. Create a service account by navigating to *Identity & Access Management* > *Service Accounts* in the console.
```

. Click the *Create service account* button.

. For every new service account you create, activate the account by using the ROSA CLI.

.. Log into your new service account. Run the following command. Replace values where needed:
+
[source,bash]
----
rosa login --client-id <your-client-id> --client-secret <your-client-secret>
----
+
.. Activate your service account. Run the following command:
+
[source,bash]
----
rosa whoami

> ----

Reviewer 2: https://www.ibm.com/docs/en/ibm-style?topic=word-usage#l

"Log into" needs to change to "Log in to.."

```suggestion
.. Log in to your new service account. Run the following command. Replace values where needed:

+
[source,bash]
----
rosa login --client-id <your-client-id> --client-secret <your-client-secret>
----

.. Activate your service account. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
rosa whoami
----
```

== Setting AWS credentials

You need to set your AWS credentials before creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster. Complete the following steps:

. If you are not using multi-factor authentication with AWS, set your AWS credentials by using the AWS access key you created. Run the following command. Replace values where needed:

+
[source,bash]
----
echo '[default]
aws_access_key_id = <your-access-key>
aws_secret_access_key = <your-secret-access-key>
region = us-east-1
' | base64 -w 0

> ----

Reviewer 2: is there a way for this to be for one line? It almost looks like a YAML file

Author: @tinaafitz ?

Reviewer 3: Hi @dockerymick, the AWS credentials are always displayed this way.

Author: I'll leave it as is then

. If you are using multi-factor authentication with AWS, run the following command. Replace values where needed:

+
[source,bash]
----
echo '[default]
aws_access_key_id = <your-access-key>
aws_secret_access_key = <your-secret-access-key>
aws_session_token= <your-aws-session-token>
region = us-east-1
' | base64 -w 0

> ----

Reviewer 2: similar suggestion, is there a way for this to be one line?

Author: @tinaafitz ?

Author: As mentioned above, I will leave this as is

. Update the `capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials` secret.

.. Copy the output of the previous command and add the output to the `capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials` secret. Run the following command to edit the secret:
+
[source,bash]
----
oc edit secret -n multicluster-engine capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials
----
+
.. Add your output to the credentials field. See the following example: 
+
[source,bash]
----
apiVersion: v1
data:
  credentials: <your-aws-credentials>
kind: Secret
metadata:
	name: capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials
	namespace: multicluster-engine
----
+   

> **Optional:** If you want to use AWS IAM roles with your service account to authenticate the `capa-controller-manager`, see the Additional resources section and complete the steps in _Switching from AWS credentials to IAM roles on your Cluster API managed cluster (Technology Preview)_.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Copy the output of the previous command and add the output to the `capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials` secret. Run the following command to edit the secret:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc edit secret -n multicluster-engine capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials
----

.. Add your output to the credentials field. See the following example: 

+
[source,bash]
----
apiVersion: v1
data:
  credentials: <your-aws-credentials>
kind: Secret
metadata:
	name: capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials
	namespace: multicluster-engine
----
*Optional:* If you want to use AWS IAM roles with your service account to authenticate the `capa-controller-manager`, see the Additional resources section and complete the steps in _Switching from AWS credentials to IAM roles on your Cluster API managed cluster (Technology Preview)_.
```

Reviewer 2: not sure if the optional part is a step or note

. Restart the `capa-controller-manager` deployment. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc rollout restart deployment capa-controller-manager -n multicluster-engine
----

== Authenticating {ocm}

The CAPA controller requires {ocm} credentials to provision {rosa-hcp}. Complete the following steps:

. Create a Kubernetes secret in the target namespace with the service account credentials you created. The `ROSAControlPlane` resource references this secret during provisioning. Run the following command. Replace values where needed:

+   
[source,bash]
----
oc create namespace <your-rosa-hcp-namespace>
  oc -n <your-rosa-hcp-namespace> create secret generic rosa-creds-secret \
    --from-literal=ocmClientID='....' \
    --from-literal=ocmClientSecret='eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsI....' \
    --from-literal=ocmApiUrl='https://api.openshift.com'
----

> . **Optional:** You can consume the secret without referencing it from your `ROSAControlPlane` by calling the secret `rosa-creds-secret` and creating it in the `multicluster-engine` namespace. Run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. *Optional:* You can consume the secret without referencing it from your `ROSAControlPlane` resource by calling the secret `rosa-creds-secret` and creating it in the `multicluster-engine` namespace. Run the following command:
```

. Create the `AWSClusterControllerIdentity` resource. See the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: AWSClusterControllerIdentity
metadata:
  name: "default"
spec:
  allowedNamespaces: {}
----

. Create the `ROSARoleConfig` and `ROSANetwork` resource. See the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSARoleConfig
metadata:
  name: "role-config"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
spec:
  accountRoleConfig:
    prefix: "rosa"
    version: "4.20.0"  
  operatorRoleConfig:
    prefix: "rosa"
  credentialsSecretRef:
    name: rosa-creds-secret
  oidcProviderType: Managed
---
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSANetwork
metadata:
  name: "rosa-vpc"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
  spec:
    region: "us-west-2"
    stackName: "rosa-hcp-net"
    availabilityZones:
    - "us-west-2a"
    - "us-west-2b"
    - "us-west-2c"
    cidrBlock: 10.0.0.0/16
    identityRef:
      kind: AWSClusterControllerIdentity
      name: default

> ----

Reviewer 2: Pretty long YAML, lets split these in to two steps

Author: Updated

        cidrBlocks: ["192.168.0.0/16"]
    infrastructureRef:
      apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
      kind: ROSACluster
      name: "rosa-hcp-1"
      namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
    controlPlaneRef:
      apiVersion: controlplane.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
      kind: ROSAControlPlane
      name: "rosa-cp-1"
      namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
---
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSACluster
metadata:
  name: "rosa-hcp-1"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
  spec: {}
---
apiVersion: controlplane.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSAControlPlane
metadata:
  name: "rosa-cp-1"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
  spec:
    credentialsSecretRef:
      name: rosa-creds-secret
    rosaClusterName: rosa-hcp-1
    domainPrefix: rosa-hcp
    rosaRoleConfigRef:
      name: role-config
    version: "4.20.0"
    region: "us-west-2"
    rosaNetworkRef:
      name: "rosa-vpc"
    network:
      machineCIDR: "10.0.0.0/16"
      podCIDR: "10.128.0.0/14"
      serviceCIDR: "172.30.0.0/16"
    defaultMachinePoolSpec:
      instanceType: "m5.xlarge"
      autoscaling:
        maxReplicas: 6
        minReplicas: 3
    additionalTags:
      env: "demo"
      profile: "hcp"

> ----

Reviewer 2: Looks like there are 4 samples here. Can we split this up?

Author: Updated

. Check the `ROSAControlPlane` status. Run the following command. Make sure the `READY` column says `true`:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get ROSAControlPlane rosa-cp-1 -n ns-rosa-hcp
----
+
*Note:* The {rosa-hcp} cluster might need up to 40 minutes to fully provision.

. After the `ROSAControlPlane` provisioning is completed, verify the `ROSAMachinePool` is created. Run the following command:

+   
[source,bash]
----
oc get ROSAMachinePool -n ns-rosa-hcp
----
+
The output might resemble the following sample:
+
[source,bash]
----
NAMESPACE     NAME        READY   REPLICAS
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-0   true    1
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-1   true    1
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-2   true    1
----
+

> *Note:* The default available `ROSAMachinePools` count is based on the assigned availability zones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. After the `ROSAControlPlane` provisioning is completed, verify the `ROSAMachinePool` is created. Run the following command:

+   
[source,bash]
----
oc get ROSAMachinePool -n ns-rosa-hcp
----
+
The output might resemble the following sample:

+
[source,bash]
----
NAMESPACE     NAME        READY   REPLICAS
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-0   true    1
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-1   true    1
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-2   true    1
----
+
*Note:* The default available `ROSAMachinePools` count is based on the assigned availability zones.
```

    region: "us-west-2"
    rosaNetworkRef:
      name: "rosa-vpc"
    network:
      machineCIDR: "10.0.0.0/16"
      podCIDR: "10.128.0.0/14"
      serviceCIDR: "172.30.0.0/16"
    defaultMachinePoolSpec:
      instanceType: "m5.xlarge"
      autoscaling:
        maxReplicas: 6
        minReplicas: 3
    additionalTags:
      env: "demo"
      profile: "hcp"
----

. Check the `ROSAControlPlane` status. Run the following command. Make sure the `READY` column says `true`:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get ROSAControlPlane rosa-cp-1 -n ns-rosa-hcp
----
+
*Note:* The {rosa-hcp} cluster might need up to 40 minutes to fully provision.

. After the `ROSAControlPlane` provisioning is completed, verify the `ROSAMachinePool` is created. Run the following command:

+   
[source,bash]
----
oc get ROSAMachinePool -n ns-rosa-hcp
----
+
The output might resemble the following sample:
+
[source,bash]
----
NAMESPACE     NAME        READY   REPLICAS
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-0   true    1
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-1   true    1
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-2   true    1
----
+
*Note:* The default available `ROSAMachinePools` count is based on the assigned availability zones.

== Additional resources

> - If you want to use AWS IAM roles with your service account to authenticate the `capa-controller-manager`, complete the steps in xref:../cluster_api/switch_iam_roles.adoc#enable-iam-role-capa[Switching from AWS credentials to IAM roles on your Cluster API managed cluster (Technology Preview)].

Reviewer 3: The link is broken.

Author: Fixed

+
[source,bash]
----
rosa whoami
----

== Setting AWS credentials

You need to set your AWS credentials before creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster. Complete the following steps:

. If you are not using multi-factor authentication with AWS, set your AWS credentials by using the AWS access key you created. Run the following command. Replace values where needed:

+
[source,bash]
----
echo '[default]
aws_access_key_id = <your-access-key>
aws_secret_access_key = <your-secret-access-key>
region = us-east-1
' | base64 -w 0
----

. If you are using multi-factor authentication with AWS, run the following command. Replace values where needed:

+
[source,bash]
----
echo '[default]
aws_access_key_id = <your-access-key>
aws_secret_access_key = <your-secret-access-key>
aws_session_token= <your-aws-session-token>
region = us-east-1
' | base64 -w 0
----

. Update the `capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials` secret.

.. Copy the output of the previous command and add the output to the `capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials` secret. Run the following command to edit the secret:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc edit secret -n multicluster-engine capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials
----

> .. Add your output to the credentials field. See the following example: 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Add your output to the `credentials` field. See the following example: 
```

+
[source,bash]
----
apiVersion: v1
data:
  credentials: <your-aws-credentials>
kind: Secret
metadata:
	name: capa-manager-bootstrap-credentials
	namespace: multicluster-engine
----
*Optional:* If you want to use AWS IAM roles with your service account to authenticate the `capa-controller-manager`, see the Additional resources section and complete the steps in _Switching from AWS credentials to IAM roles on your Cluster API managed cluster (Technology Preview)_.

. Restart the `capa-controller-manager` deployment. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc rollout restart deployment capa-controller-manager -n multicluster-engine
----

== Authenticating {ocm}

> The CAPA controller requires {ocm} credentials to provision {rosa-hcp}. Complete the following steps:

Reviewer 2: I don't recall the full name for CAPA mentioned in this file

Author: Updated

+   
[source,bash]
----
oc create namespace <your-rosa-hcp-namespace>
  oc -n <your-rosa-hcp-namespace> create secret generic rosa-creds-secret \
    --from-literal=ocmClientID='....' \
    --from-literal=ocmClientSecret='eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsI....' \
    --from-literal=ocmApiUrl='https://api.openshift.com'
----

. *Optional:* You can consume the secret without referencing it from your `ROSAControlPlane` resource by calling the secret `rosa-creds-secret` and creating it in the `multicluster-engine` namespace. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n multicluster-engine create secret generic rosa-creds-secret \
  --from-literal=ocmClientID='....' \
  --from-literal=ocmClientSecret='eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsI....' \
  --from-literal=ocmApiUrl='https://api.openshift.com'
----

== Creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster

After creating a service account, setting your AWS credentials, and authenticating your {ocm} credentials, complete the following steps to create a {rosa-hcp} cluster:

> . Create the `AWSClusterControllerIdentity` resource. See the following YAML sample:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create the `AWSClusterControllerIdentity` resource. See the following YAML file sample:
```

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: AWSClusterControllerIdentity
metadata:
  name: "default"
spec:
  allowedNamespaces: {}
----

> . Create the `ROSARoleConfig` resource . See the following YAML sample:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create the `ROSARoleConfig` resource . See the following YAML file sample:
```

  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
spec:
  accountRoleConfig:
    prefix: "rosa"
    version: "4.20.0"  
  operatorRoleConfig:
    prefix: "rosa"
  credentialsSecretRef:
    name: rosa-creds-secret
  oidcProviderType: Managed
----

. Create the `ROSANetwork` resource. See the following YAML sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSANetwork
metadata:
  name: "rosa-vpc"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
  spec:
    region: "us-west-2"
    stackName: "rosa-hcp-net"
    availabilityZones:
    - "us-west-2a"
    - "us-west-2b"
    - "us-west-2c"
    cidrBlock: 10.0.0.0/16
    identityRef:
      kind: AWSClusterControllerIdentity
      name: default
----

. Verify that the `ROSARoleConfig` resource is created. Check that the `ROSARoleConfig` status contains the `accountRolesRef`, `oidcID`, `oidcProviderARN`, and `operatorRolesRef`. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get rosaroleconfig  -n ns-rosa-hcp role-config -o yaml
----

. Verify that the `ROSANetwork` resource is created. The `ROSANetwork` status contains the created subnets. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get rosanetwork -n ns-rosa-hcp rosa-vpc -o yaml
----

> . Create the required custom resources for the `ROSAControlPlane`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create the required custom resources for the `ROSAControlPlane` resource.
```

      kind: ROSAControlPlane
      name: "rosa-cp-1"
      namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"

. Create the `ROSACluster` resource with the following YAML content:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSACluster
metadata:
  name: "rosa-hcp-1"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
  spec: {}
----

. Create the `ROSAControlPlane` resource with the following YAML content. Make sure the `region` matches the AWS region you used to create the `ROSANetwork` resource:
+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: controlplane.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSAControlPlane
metadata:
  name: "rosa-cp-1"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
  spec:
    credentialsSecretRef:
      name: rosa-creds-secret
    rosaClusterName: rosa-hcp-1
    domainPrefix: rosa-hcp
    rosaRoleConfigRef:
      name: role-config
    version: "4.20.0"
    region: "us-west-2"
    rosaNetworkRef:
      name: "rosa-vpc"
    network:
      machineCIDR: "10.0.0.0/16"
      podCIDR: "10.128.0.0/14"
      serviceCIDR: "172.30.0.0/16"
    defaultMachinePoolSpec:
      instanceType: "m5.xlarge"
      autoscaling:
        maxReplicas: 6
        minReplicas: 3
    additionalTags:
      env: "demo"
      profile: "hcp"

> ----

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
.. Create the `ManagedCluster` resource with the following YAML file content:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: ManagedCluster
metadata:
  name: rosa-hcp-1
  spec:
    hubAcceptsClient: true
----

.. Create the `Cluster` resource with the following YAML file content:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Cluster
metadata:
  name: "rosa-hcp-1"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
  spec:
    clusterNetwork:
      pods:
        cidrBlocks: ["192.168.0.0/16"]
    infrastructureRef:
      apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
      kind: ROSACluster
      name: "rosa-hcp-1"
      namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
    controlPlaneRef:
      apiVersion: controlplane.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
      kind: ROSAControlPlane
      name: "rosa-cp-1"
      namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"

. Create the `ROSACluster` resource with the following YAML file content:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSACluster
metadata:
  name: "rosa-hcp-1"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
  spec: {}
----

. Create the `ROSAControlPlane` resource with the following YAML file content. Make sure the `region` matches the AWS region you used to create the `ROSANetwork` resource:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: controlplane.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSAControlPlane
metadata:
  name: "rosa-cp-1"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
  spec:
    credentialsSecretRef:
      name: rosa-creds-secret
    rosaClusterName: rosa-hcp-1
    domainPrefix: rosa-hcp
    rosaRoleConfigRef:
      name: role-config
    version: "4.20.0"
    region: "us-west-2"
    rosaNetworkRef:
      name: "rosa-vpc"
    network:
      machineCIDR: "10.0.0.0/16"
      podCIDR: "10.128.0.0/14"
      serviceCIDR: "172.30.0.0/16"
    defaultMachinePoolSpec:
      instanceType: "m5.xlarge"
      autoscaling:
        maxReplicas: 6
        minReplicas: 3
    additionalTags:
      env: "demo"
      profile: "hcp"
----
```

. Check the `ROSAControlPlane` status. Run the following command. Make sure the `READY` column says `true`:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get ROSAControlPlane rosa-cp-1 -n ns-rosa-hcp
----
+
*Note:* The {rosa-hcp} cluster might need up to 40 minutes to fully provision.

> . After the `ROSAControlPlane` provisioning is completed, verify the `ROSAMachinePool` is created. Run the following command:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. After the `ROSAControlPlane` resource provisioning is completed, verify the `ROSAMachinePool` is created. Run the following command:
```

+   
[source,bash]
----
oc get ROSAMachinePool -n ns-rosa-hcp
----
+
The output might resemble the following sample:

+
[source,bash]
----
NAMESPACE     NAME        READY   REPLICAS
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-0   true    1
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-1   true    1
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-2   true    1
----
+

> *Note:* The default available `ROSAMachinePools` count is based on the assigned availability zones.

Reviewer 2: I suggest to remove the `[source,bash]` label because the user does not need to copy it
```suggestion
The following output might be displayed:

+
----
NAMESPACE     NAME        READY   REPLICAS
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-0   true    1
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-1   true    1
ns-rosa-hcp   workers-2   true    1
----
+
*Note:* The default available `ROSAMachinePools` count is based on the assigned availability zones.
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get rosaroleconfig  -n ns-rosa-hcp role-config -o yaml
----

. Verify that the `ROSANetwork` resource is created. The `ROSANetwork` status contains the created subnets. Run the following command:

+
[source,bash]
----
oc get rosanetwork -n ns-rosa-hcp rosa-vpc -o yaml
----

. Create the required custom resources for the `ROSAControlPlane` resource.

.. Create the `ManagedCluster` resource with the following YAML file content:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.open-cluster-management.io/v1
kind: ManagedCluster
metadata:
  name: rosa-hcp-1
  spec:
    hubAcceptsClient: true
----

.. Create the `Cluster` resource with the following YAML file content:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta1
kind: Cluster
metadata:
  name: "rosa-hcp-1"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
  spec:
    clusterNetwork:
      pods:
        cidrBlocks: ["192.168.0.0/16"]
    infrastructureRef:
      apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
      kind: ROSACluster
      name: "rosa-hcp-1"
      namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
    controlPlaneRef:
      apiVersion: controlplane.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
      kind: ROSAControlPlane
      name: "rosa-cp-1"

>       namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"

Reviewer 2: ending codeblock
```suggestion
      namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
----
```

+
[source,bash]
----
oc -n multicluster-engine create secret generic rosa-creds-secret \
  --from-literal=ocmClientID='....' \
  --from-literal=ocmClientSecret='eyJhbGciOiJIUzI1NiIsI....' \
  --from-literal=ocmApiUrl='https://api.openshift.com'
----

== Creating a {rosa-hcp} cluster

After creating a service account, setting your AWS credentials, and authenticating your {ocm} credentials, complete the following steps to create a {rosa-hcp} cluster:

. Create the `AWSClusterControllerIdentity` resource. See the following YAML file sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: AWSClusterControllerIdentity
metadata:
  name: "default"
spec:
  allowedNamespaces: {}
----

. Create the `ROSARoleConfig` resource . See the following YAML file sample:

+
[source,yaml]
----
apiVersion: infrastructure.cluster.x-k8s.io/v1beta2
kind: ROSARoleConfig
metadata:
  name: "role-config"
  namespace: "ns-rosa-hcp"
spec:
  accountRoleConfig:
    prefix: "rosa"
    version: "4.20.0"  
  operatorRoleConfig:
    prefix: "rosa"
  credentialsSecretRef:
    name: rosa-creds-secret
  oidcProviderType: Managed
----

> . Create the `ROSANetwork` resource. See the following YAML sample:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
. Create the `ROSANetwork` resource. See the following YAML file sample:
```
